BookA-Pset_GeoObsMappedUnit (#587)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/w/Weathering_3VudkS3GP7whCc9fnu5Tf9/Documentation.md

> Description of the physical and chemical changes produced by atmospheric agents in rocks or other deposits at or near the earth's surface. These changes result in disintegration and de composition of the material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description of the physical and chemical changes produced by atmospheric agents in rocks or other deposits at or near the earth's surface. These changes result in disintegration and decomposition of the material.
```
